Adrian wakes up in the morning, having to start his shift at a different time than normal due to work related circumstances. Adrian groggily gets ready for work and heads to his work office which is a firm on the 22nd floor of the building. He steps into the elevator and a short lady with dark hair steps onto the elevator with a bulging briefcase in hand. She pushes the button for the 23rd floor, while Adrian pushes the button for the 22nd floor. Eventually the door closes and it's just them on the elevator alone together. Adrian thinks that this lady is pretty cute and they have a little bit of small talk back and forth during the elevator ride. Adrian, without ever catching her name decides to name her Eleanor, like The Beatles song. Adrian notices that she's listening to music, to which Eleanor reveals is Miles Davis. Adrian also doesn't notice a ring on her finger and he thinks that she is single. Before Adrian realizes it he has reached his floor and he steps off the elevator. On Tuesday Adrian arrives at work again hoping to see Eleanor again, but he realizes that there isn't really any reason she should be there again at the exact same time. Adrian calls the elevator and steps onto it, and just as the door closes he hears the sound of Eleanor's heels as she runs to catch the elevator. Adrian stops the elevator door from closing, allowing Eleanor to get on the elevator. They have a little bit of small talk again, talking about work mornings and how they wish that work started sooner. Adrian thinks to himself about asking her to get coffee together sometime but he decides against it. He thinks about a local place that he knows of that features a live jazz band and searches for it on his phone. Without even thinking or realizing it he steps off onto the 22nd floor and the door closes behind him. On Wednesday, Adrian's cat throws up a partially digested mouse onto his bed, causing him to run about 20 minutes late. Adrian misses his bus stop and has to run all the way to work. He arrives just before the elevator closes and this time it's Eleanor that holds the door open for Adrian. He steps onto the elevator, trying to say thank her, but really all that comes out of his mouth is garbled gibberish, to which Adrian likened it to what a Neanderthal would sound like. They ride the elevator up to the 22nd floor again while having some small talk. Eventually Adrian steps out onto the 22nd floor again. On Thursday Adrian arrives at work and waits at the elevator for as long as possible for Eleanor to arrive. He delays stepping onto the elevator and closing the doors for as long as possible, but his Eleanor never arrives. He arrives on the 22nd floor, and steps out of the elevator. On Friday Adrian knows that he might not see Eleanor again. His shift is going back to normal next week and he's not even sure if Eleanor is a full time employee at the building. Adrian waits again for Eleanor but it seems like she's not showing up. The elevator arrives, but this time Eleanor is already on the elevator, holding a box of personal items. She explains to Adrian that this is her last day and that she's leaving. Adrian steps on the elevator as Eleanor steps off. Adrian watches as Eleanor walks through the slides glass door just as the elevator door closes.
