"The person swapped shifts with his co-worker George for a week due to an emergency in George's life. George usually has the 8:30 AM shift, and the person usually has the 10:00 AM shift.On Monday, the person goes to the building where his job is. In the lobby, there's an elevator. He presses the button to open the elevator. As the elevator opens, the person hears the clacking of heels behind him. A beautiful woman approaches.They both get on the elevator. With her elbow, the woman presses the button for the 23rd floor. The person presses the button for the 22nd floor. The person notices details of the woman. She has black heels on, she has curly hair, and she has a killer figure. She has AirPods in her ears, and she's thumping her head to the music. The person sees that the woman has a suitcase filled to the brim. He thinks of the building's occupants, and recognizes that the 23rd floor is a law firm. He wonders if she's an intern, or if it's her first day, or something else. He doesn't say anything to her.On Tuesday, the day after the previous one, the person gets on the elevator. He doesn't hear the footsteps of her heels, but almost when time's about to run out, he hears the clicking of her heels. She gets on. The person imagines more about her and her interests. Maybe the music she's listening to is something hip and trendy. Maybe a band the person's never heard of before. The person imagined that the woman was listening to a certain album of his favorite band.On Wednesday, the person gets on the elevator. He doesn't see the woman, whom he named Eleanor - the name was chosen in relation to the song by The Beetles. At the last minute before the elevator closes, the person hears the fast-paced movement of heels and so he puts his hand in the door, and the door bounces off his hand and opens for the woman. She says thank you very quietly. The person imagines going out to a restaurant with her after the day's over and having a bottle of wine together.On Thursday, the person gets on the elevator. The woman's heels were never heard, and the woman never came. The person missed seeing her. The person, at the end of their work day, got back on the elevator and didn't see her.On Friday, the person is running late. The person narrowly makes it to the elevator, almost when it was about to depart, and a small hand pokes in between the elevator doors and thus the elevator opens. The person sees Eleanor held the door open for him. The person tries to say thanks, but was so quiet that the woman may not have heard. The person tried to speak, but it was like he couldn't speak English. He could only speak Neanderthal. That's a language that he speaks. At the end of the day, sulking, he got on the elevator, head down. The person then heard a voice on the elevator say ""had a hard week?"" to which they both reminisced. The person saw that there was a gold name plate in the woman's suitcase. The woman said that it was her last day. As the elevator reached the bottom floor of the lobby, the woman got off and he watched as she walked away. He stared at his reflection in the glass. In addition, it was the person's last day on this early shift, as George's wife is back from her surgery, so the person will go back to their normal shift. The narration ends mentioning lonely people."
