"Adrian, the narrator, realizes that he is about to be late for work after looking at the clock. He typically works at 8:30 AM, but has switched shifts with his coworker George, as George needs to watch his two children while his wife recovers from surgery. He instead works at 10:00 AM today. Adrian usually goes to the gym before his shift begins, and while most people would enjoy having their shift start later in the day, Adrian dislikes this. The new schedule causes him to overestimate how much time he had at the gym to work out, and he now must choose between showering and arriving late or heading to work now and showing up sweaty and smelly. Adrian decides to take a shower as he assumes that his coworkers would prefer him to be late rather than foul-smelling. After Adrian arrives late at his workplace, he walks over to the elevator and presses the button to go up. A woman he has never seen before rushes over, her heels clacking against the floor, and she pushes the button again. When the elevator opens, Adrian invites the woman to precede him into the elevator. As they enter, Adrian quietly checks out the woman. The woman is petite, with black curly hair and AirPods in her ears. Adrian thinks that the woman has a very attractive figure and speculates about what her name would be. He settles on the name ""Eleanor"", a reference to the Beatles song ""Eleanor Rigby"". Adrian hits the button for the 22nd floor, while Eleanor presses the one for the 23rd. Adrian recalls that the 23rd floor is for a law firm. He takes notice of the woman's briefcase, which is stuffed with papers, and wonders how long she has been working at this law firm. He infers that it is unlikely that she is new, as her briefcase contains many documents. It is also unlikely that she has been working there for long, as she looks young, about 25 years old. Adrian chooses to believe that ""Eleanor"" is working at the firm as an intern and has been doing so for 2 months. He speculates about what sort of music ""Eleanor"" likes to listen to, as she is listening to music while they ride the elevator. Based on her attractiveness, Adrian believes that she listens to something sophisticated, like classical or jazz, the latter of which Adrian also enjoys. He plays out a conversation with Eleanor in his head where he asks her about her favorite jazz artist. In this imaginary scenario, Eleanor states that Miles Davis is her favorite artist and that her favorite album of his is Kind of Blue, based on Adrian's own preferences. He contemplates inviting her to a jazz club. In real life, however, Adrian and the woman do not talk at all, and he realizes how ridiculous this idea sounds. The next day, Adrian does not immediately see ""Eleanor"" to his disappointment. However, as the elevator is about to close, he hears her running over. He holds the door open for her, and she thanks him. Adrian is still unable to begin a conversation with ""Eleanor"" and imagines that she asks him about his job. Adrian states that he has been working at his job for 2 years now and that he typically enjoys working earlier. He projects onto the woman again, who agrees with him in this imaginary scenario. She states that she is also a morning person and feels like later shifts cause her to waste time in the morning. The following day, Adrian is the one who is running to catch the elevator because his cat, Whiskers, threw up a half-digested mouse that had to be disposed of. Adrian worries that ""Eleanor"" is not at work today, but the woman, already in the elevator, holds the doors open for him this time. Adrian plays out yet another conversation with her in his head, explaining that his cat had thrown up a mouse. Whiskers is a feral kitten that he had adopted 15 years ago, and Adrian believes that he sometimes displays feral behavior due to this. ""Eleanor"" replies that her own cat, named ""Missy"" in this scenario, is too fat to catch mice. On the last day of working this shift, Adrian promises to himself that he will ask ""Eleanor"" to join him for coffee, or accompany him to the jazz club, or to simply exchange emails as he has fallen in love with her. However, Adrian does not see her at all in the elevator and begins his shift distraught. His friends go out drinking after work, but he is not in the mood to party. He steps into the elevator and is surprised to see ""Eleanor"", who is holding a box full of personal affects. She asks if Adrian has had a rough day and he nods. In response, the woman states that she has also had a bad day today, and that it is her last day working at the law firm. Adrian takes note of the name placard on top of the box that the woman is holding and learns that her real name is Tamara Blank. Upon reaching the ground floor, Adrian sadly and silently watches Tamara walk away, recalling the chorus of the song ""Eleanor Rigby"" and thinking about how lonely he is."
